Morgan.lupton/trace retention (#8274)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/faq/data-collection-resolution-retention.md

| Custom Metrics (StatsD)                        | Datadog Agent (built-in statsD collector)                             | 15 seconds               | 1 second          | 15 months                                                                                                                                                    | Infrastructure       |
| Custom Metrics (API)                           | POST directly to Datadog's API                                        | Real time                | 1 second          | 15 months                                                                                                                                                    | Infrastructure       |
| Events                                         | Datadog Agent, integrations, or API                                   | Real time                | 1 second          | 13 months                                                                                                                                                    | Infrastructure       |

> | Traces (Sampled)                               | Datadog Agent + tracing library                                       | 10 seconds               | 1 millisecond        | 2 weeks (viewed traces are retained long-term, [see more here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/guide/trace_sampling_and_storage/?tab=java#trace-storage))           

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traces (Sampled)                               | Datadog Agent + tracing library                                       | 10 seconds               | 1 millisecond        | 15 days. Viewed traces are retained long-term. See [Trace Storage][2] for details           | APM   |
```
And at the bottom of the file, add a line:
```
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/guide/trace_sampling_and_storage/#trace-storage
```

Reviewer: Also, let's say 15 days, not 2 weeks, in both places

>                                                            | APM                  |

Reviewer: The new line here is causing a table formatting situation (see the preview at: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/morgan.lupton/trace-retention/developers/faq/data-collection-resolution-retention/ )
